Remove Canary install files from the packaging folder (#10734)
strimzi/strimzi-kafka-operator: CHANGELOG.md

  This change matches user expectations.
* The External Configuration (`.spec.externalConfiguration`) in `KafkaConnect` and `KafkaMirrorMaker2` resources is deprecated and will be removed in the future.
  Please use the environment variables, additional volumes and volume mounts in Pod and container templates instead.

> * Based on the proposal - [86 - Archive Canary project](https://github.com/strimzi/proposals/blob/main/086-archive-canary.md) - the installation files of the Canary project
>   were removed from the repository - as the project was archived.

Reviewer: Maybe we can use this?

```suggestion
* The Strimzi Canary installation files were removed based on the [_Strimzi proposal 086_](https://github.com/strimzi/proposals/blob/main/086-archive-canary.md) as the project was discontinued and archived.
```

Author: That's better, thanks
